This system helps to manage trekking events and makes trekking adventures more accessible. This application will help trekkers to find suitable trekking events with proper packages so that trekkers can easily plan their trekking events.
We used combination of technologies for our projects to make it more user friendly.
We used MySQL to design a strong database schema that efficiently stored and managed the data which is needed for the system. We implement RESTful APIs to communicate between the frontend and backend and for that we firstly approached the Spring framework and we used ASP .Net Core Web API for some remaining functionalities. Simultaneously we worked on frontend Using React JS to create a responsive and user-friendly interface.
Our project mainly consist in three modules first one is Admin module, second is Trekker module and third one is Guide module.
In Admin module we developed the functionalities for administrator to manage the functionalities like to register the new guide, to add new trekking packages, to plan new trekking events, to generate MSR report and to generate the various list related to system.
For trekkers, We created a module that allowed them to see available treks on home page but make their bookings according to choices after logging in and basic functionalities like to see their profile, update their profiles with personal information.
In The Guide module we allowed guides to log in and see their upcoming assigned treks. They could also update the status of treks for which they were responsible. Instead of that they can see their profile and update their profiles with personal information
